/*
  ReadMe.text
  StarShips App

  
  Created by Vimukthi Vishvanath on 10/10/21.
  Copyright © 2021 Vimukthi Vishvanath. All rights reserved.
*/

Author has tried not to over-engineer the application and showed approaches which can be done when its scaled.
App implemented MVVM architecture (Haven't used Any other complex patterns as its just one view - due to overengineer and time constraints)
Mostly used the storyboard and nibs for layout designing since considering the time contraint.
Auto Layout used for layout designing and configure them to be adapted to all the iphone devices
But Initially used the programatic approach to setup the rootviewcontroller(entry view) since it makes much easiar to change between entry views(like in login and logout)
Tried to reduce using comments by using much meaningful names - which makes self explanatory the functionality

Folder structure:
    Grouped by feature as thought it would be convinient for large scale app since developer needs to open few folders while working on.
    Easy for team development as well.

No caching mechanism used to cache images, since there's no image urls involed in the project

UITableview prefetch mechanism implemented to support for pagination, to follow best practices and improved the learning curve
Localization for future scalability and a process to structuring the app's code and for UI
    
Author has used minimum number of third-party libraries to minimize dependencies.
CocoaPod used for dependency management (Reason: Familiarity)
For loadingIndicator and  Unit Testing
    Reasons:
        Easy learning curve within a team
        For easy error handling
        If issue (not support in future release) will not make huge impact on the development lifecycle.

Unit Tests:
    Wrote unit tests for StarshipListVIewModel considering the given time for the test. Minimum code coverage.


Author used three values to show on each cell considering the more menaingful of the each starship to the user.


Considerations:

- Used a buton to select and to identify the favourited starship on each cell
    ex: Favourited starship cell showed with red colored star and the other one showed with a empty star
- Used a custom image to show each cell more elegant and more descriptive since the api not providing a url image for each starship
    
- Used to sort starships according to their name in the ascending order, but currently it applied to each page and not for the whole list.
- Author couldn't find a mechanism solve to sort all the items due to the given time constraint

- Used a modal view with bottom to top sliding animation to show the details of the each starship, while keeping the user's focus on the detail view

- Handled the errors using a custom error enum (using try ,catch ..)


Things to improve (Author thought about):

- Repository pattern would be better solution to achive loose coupling and for keep domain objects persistant ignorant and abstract
    
- Tabview would be a best solution to keep the layout more user friendly as it provided enough option to show data seperately
    (like showing selected favourited starships in a seperate tab)
    
- Reactive programming (RxSwift or Combine) would be a better soulution for the future development as to maintain a cleaner code and architecture

Please check the folder and architecture explanation on the app_architecture.pdf
